Table: Tweets

+----------------+---------+
| Column Name    | Type    |
+----------------+---------+
| tweet_id       | int     |
| content        | varchar |
+----------------+---------+
tweet_id is the primary key (column with unique values) for this table.
This table contains all the tweets in a social media app.
 

Write a solution to find the IDs of the invalid tweets. The tweet is invalid if the number of characters used in the content of the tweet is strictly greater than 15.

Return the result table in any order.

The result format is in the following example.

 

Example 1:

Input: 
Tweets table:
+----------+----------------------------------+
| tweet_id | content                          |
+----------+----------------------------------+
| 1        | Vote for Biden                   |
| 2        | Let us make America great again! |
+----------+----------------------------------+
Output: 
+----------+
| tweet_id |
+----------+
| 2        |
+----------+
Explanation: 
Tweet 1 has length = 14. It is a valid tweet.
Tweet 2 has length = 32. It is an invalid tweet.

## Difference between Len and Length function in sql:

The difference between LEN and LENGTH functions in SQL lies in their usage and the database system they are associated with. These functions are commonly used to find the length of a string, but their availability and syntax can vary between different database management systems (DBMS). Here's a general overview:

### LEN Function:

Associated with SQL Server:
The LEN function is specific to Microsoft SQL Server.
It is used to find the number of characters in a string.

### LENGTH Function:

Associated with MySQL and some other databases:
The LENGTH function is commonly used in MySQL and some other database systems.
It is used to find the length of a string or the number of bytes in a string.

It's important to note that the usage and availability of these functions can vary between different database systems. When writing SQL queries, you should use the function that is specific to the database system you are working with. If you're working with multiple database systems, you may need to adapt your queries based on the specific functions supported by each system.